#labels Featured
= General =

rule formulas essentially equate logically to either true or false depending on the functions and arguments you give.  false means an item didn't match, true means it did and will be assigned to that rule.

the default rule formula starts out as *`false`*, you don't actually need to keep that in your own rule formula, it's just a place holder so that a "blank" rule has a value but doesn't actually match any item and will return false.

don't forget that there are system categories for the basic stuff, ie trash, skills, class, which you can specifically assign an item to, so don't create a rule for the basic stuff unless absolutely necessary.

when creating a rule formula, try to keep it as simple and short as possible, eg;

{{{
type( armor ) and subtype( cloth ) or subtype( leather ) or subtype( mail )
}}}

this does 3 separate calls to the subtype function.  you should always try and compress any logical operations down to a single function call where possible. eg;

{{{
type( armor ) and subtype( cloth,leather,mail )
}}}

this would be quicker (although that particular function is pretty fast anyway), but some functions, like the outfit() ones are fairly intensive so calling them as little as possible is good.


= Example Rules =

== items with resistances on them ==

{{{
tooltip( %+%d+ %a+ resist )
}}}
  * `%+` = match a plus (`+`) character
  * `%d+` = match 1 or more digits (numbers)
  * `<space>` = matches a space
  * `%a+` = match 1 or more letters (in this case the type of resistance)
  * `<space>` = matches a space
  * `resist` = match the actual text resist 


== items that are part of a set ==

{{{
tooltip( %sset: )
}}}

  * `%s` = matches a space (we use this because leading spaces are removed from arguments and we want to make sure we don't get a word that ends in set)
  * `set:` = match the actual text set:

note that this will match any item that is in a set.  if you want a specific set you'll need to another check, eg `tooltip( %sset: ) and tooltip( set name )`.
you'd only use this when a set name is used widely by other items, otherwise you ahould just search for the set name itself.

== gems ==

all gems
{{{
type( gem )
}}}

all cut gems
{{{
type( gem ) and tooltip( socket )
}}}

all uncut gems
{{{
type( gem ) and not tooltip( socket )
}}}

all red or blue gems
{{{
type( gem ) and subtype( blue, red )
}}}


== equipment/ armor / outfits ==

anything that can be worn (equipped)
{{{
equip()
}}}

soulbound equipment
{{{
equip() and soulbound()
}}}

all cloth armor
{{{
type( armor ) and subtype( cloth )
}}}

outfits from other mods
{{{
outfit( fishing )
}}}

{{{
outfit( healing )
}}}